Update issue templates (#227)
astropy/astropy-project: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/add-maintainer-checklist.md

---
name: Add maintainer checklist
about: Reminder to check list of steps when modifying team
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> If you are adding or removing someone from a team please check that the list of items here has been completed: https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/blob/main/policies/adding-new-role-members.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding or removing someone from a team please check that the list of items on the [Adding New Role Members page](https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/blob/main/policies/adding-new-role-members.md) has been completed. In particular,

- [ ] PR to the Team page
- [ ] email to the community
- [ ] privileges and/or permissions updated 
- [ ] added to mailing list

```

Reviewer 2: I can't suggest suggestions for a suggestion, but I suggest here "added to astropy-core-maintainers mailing list".

---
name: Add maintainer checklist
about: Reminder to check list of steps when modifying team
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

If you are adding or removing someone from a team please check that the list of items on the [Adding New Role Members page](https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/blob/main/policies/adding-new-role-members.md) has been completed. In particular,

- [ ] PR to the Team page
- [ ] email to the community
- [ ] privileges and/or permissions updated 

> - [ ] added to core maintainer mailing list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] added to astropy-core-maintainers mailing list
```

> - [ ] email to the community
> - [ ] privileges and/or permissions updated 
> - [ ] added to astropy-core-maintainers mailing list

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] privileges and/or permissions updated 
- [ ] (if adding a new member) email to the community
- [ ] (if adding a new member) add to astropy-core-maintainers mailing list
```
